[Core] make remove installation directories optional (#11540)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: CMakeLists.txt

  set(INSTALL_RUNKRATOS ON)
endif(NOT DEFINED INSTALL_RUNKRATOS)

> if(NOT DEFINED REMOVE_INSTALL_DIRECTORIES)
>   message("-- No REMOVE_INSTALL_DIRECTORIES is defined, setting to ON")
>   set(REMOVE_INSTALL_DIRECTORIES ON)
> endif(NOT DEFINED REMOVE_INSTALL_DIRECTORIES)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(REMOVE_INSTALL_DIRECTORIES "Remove the install directories to achieve a clean compilation" ON)
```

please use modern Cmake Syntax

Reviewer 2: We should definitely change that all over kratos...
